docs: Added example of using uploadFile with Readable. (#681)
box/box-node-sdk: docs/files.md

	});
```

To preserve file timestamps, you may pass the created and modified times as optional parameters:
```js
var fs = require('fs');
var stream = fs.createReadStream('/path/to/file');
var options = {
	content_created_at: '2015-05-12T17:38:14-0600',
	content_modified_at: '2016-02-15T22:42:09-0600',
};
client.files.uploadFile('98768', 'New File', stream, options)
	.then(file => {
		// ...
	});
```

If you want to pass a Readable you must pass the content length as an optional parameter.
Here is an example of passing Base64 String as file content:
```js
var {Readable} = require('stream');

var base64Content = 'TXkgY29udGVudAo='; // your base64 content
var base64Buffer = Buffer.from(base64Content, 'base64');

> // we are using just Readable to creata stream, but you can use any library you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// we are using just Readable to create a stream, but you can use any library you want
```
